What nonsense is the kitchen talking about?
How can I have it?
Miss Song, really
If you have the real thing, take it out and show it to everyone
Let them have long eyes and die
Hmph boy, I know Qingwan best
It wouldn't be so if he really had
Are you a 43-year-old child?
You are trying to be strong
I'll give you a chance.
You give me 28 million
If you take it out, I won't care about you
Oh, Mr. Liu
Some people are just laymen and want to pretend
Don't make it difficult for him
Don't say 28 million
That's 2,800 bucks
He can't take it out either
Hey, Chu Feng, stop making trouble, okay?
You don't believe me either.
Since no one believes it
I had to prove it with facts
If you can take it out
I, Liu Xiong, ate this sentence
Wait a moment.
Chu Feng, what are you doing?
Although you are my windbreak, you can't do this
Hey, what the hell are you doing?
That seems to be the only way to go now.
That's Yun Mengxian's words
It's not something that anyone can imitate if they want to.
Besides, I like that guy more than I do
I know I'm definitely going to take this out of the car
Isn't that the end?
And for your bookish children
They can all see it.
Graduated Coco Lie
No no
Why don't I solve it?
immediately